Grad School Update: Michigan
Published on March 01, 2007.
I was accepted to the University of Michigan School of Information a few days ago, and I just got an email regarding my scholarship.
They’re offering me a half tuition merit scholarship which reduces my tuition to the same that a resident would pay (around $7000 a semester).
This is pretty cool!
They’re also going to pay for me to fly over there and visit the school on March 24-26.
I have the Google College Day thing on the 23rd though.
Maybe I can just fly over there directly from California.
I’m gonna be tired when I get back!
As for the whole grad school thing, if the Google thing works out, I may decide to not go to grad school.
I’m definitely keeping my options open, though.
The scholarship offer from Michigan makes it feasible (at least, I think) for me to go to school there.
If I get some kind of assistantship or maybe a paid internship (Google has an office in Ann Arbor), I could make it work.
All in all, I’m very happy to have options, as they help to keep my stress levels down (if one thing doesn’t work I could go to the next, etc).
I’ll post updates as soon as I get them.